App privacy policy EasyPay Loan EMI Calculator
By installing the application "EasyPay Loan EMI Calculator" - hereinafter referred to as The "Application" - you - referred to as the "User" in the following points - indicates that you know, understand and accept the following points of the Privacy Policy.

1. Guaranteed full respect for your privacy.

2. A set of software tools included in this application to display advertisements. Collect and share the following information. Approximate location In-app interactions Diagnostics Device identifiers

*The uses assigned to the information are as follows*

• Statistics are used to collect information about how users use the app and its performance, for example to know how many users have a particular role. To check the integrity of the app Detect and correct errors or failures. and improve efficiency as well

• Advertising or marketing. Used to display or target ads and measure their performance or send marketing communications, for example to display ads. Send push notifications to promote other products or services or share information with advertising partners.

• Security Compliance and Fraud Prevention: Used for fraud prevention. security or legal compliance, for example by investigating failed login attempts to detect potentially fraudulent activity.

3. The application does not track time and hours of use.

4. The application does not access your device's contacts or agenda.

5. The application does not use your device's microphone.

6. The application does not use your device's camera.

7. The application does not access the exact location of the device.

8. The application does not collect or share personal information entered within by users. Information about their savings in this case Developers do not have access to this information and only users can access it using the application.

9. This application is intended for audiences ages 13 and up.

10. Maintenance and Support: Application developers are responsible for maintenance and support.

11. Changes to this Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post changes to our Privacy Policy on this page. So please check it periodically

12. Contact If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or consider that it has violated any point, please send an email to anshkashyap911@gmail.com
